Update UA Guidance to include legacy Edge detection (#1816)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/user-agent-guidance.md

| Desktop (Windows/Mac/Linux) | `Edg` |
| iPhone/iPad | `EdgiOS` |
| Android (Mobile/tablet) | `EdgA`|
| Legacy Edge* | `Edge`|

> [!NOTE]

> > *Since legacy Edge does not support User Agent Client Hints, it can only be differentiated from Chromium-based Edge using the User Agent String.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *The legacy Edge browser does not support User Agent Client Hints. It can only be differentiated from Chromium-based Microsoft Edge using the User Agent String.

```

| Desktop (Windows/Mac/Linux) | `Edg` |
| iPhone/iPad | `EdgiOS` |
| Android (Mobile/tablet) | `EdgA`|

> | Legacy Edge* | `Edge`|

Reviewer 2: I think the official name is "Microsoft Edge Legacy"
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/what-is-microsoft-edge-legacy-3e779e55-4c55-08e6-ecc8-2333768c0fb0#:~:text=What%20is%20Microsoft%20Edge%20Legacy%3F%20Microsoft%20Edge%20Microsoft,Edge%20Legacy%20will%20end%20on%20March%209%2C%202021.

Reviewer: fixing

> [!NOTE]

> > \* Legacy Edge browser does not support User Agent Client Hints. It can only be differentiated from Chromium-based Microsoft Edge using the User Agent String.

Reviewer 2: Same here

Reviewer: fixing

| iPhone/iPad | `EdgiOS` |
| Android (Mobile/tablet) | `EdgA`|

### Microsoft Edge Legacy identifier

The Microsoft Edge Legacy browser does not support User Agent Client Hints. It can only be differentiated from Chromium-based Microsoft Edge using the User-Agent string.

> | Platform | Identifier token |

Reviewer 2: Microsoft Edge Legacy was only ever available on 1 platform, Windows 10. Having this section as a subheader in the platforms section and a table that mentions platform still doesn't quite seem right to me.

What if we add a `##` section at the end titled something like `Microsoft Edge Legacy`. In there, we could comment on things like:
- The old browser is no longer supported (https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-365-blog/new-microsoft-edge-to-replace-microsoft-edge-legacy-with-april-s/ba-p/2114224)
- It was only available on Windows 10
- Of everything mentioned above, the only supported browser-specific mechanism that the old browser supports is User Agent strings
- The user agent string for Edge Legacy includes an `Edge` token
- A full example of an Edge Legacy User Agent string: `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/70.0.3538.102 Safari/537.36 Edge/18.19582`

Reviewer: No problem, take 2 coming up

Reviewer: Let me know if this version works better.

    ```shell
    {path/to/microsoft/edge.ext} --disable-domain-action-user-agent-override
    ```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Microsoft Edge Legacy

Legacy browser considerations:

*  The Microsoft Edge Legacy browser is no longer supported. See the blog post [New Microsoft Edge to replace Microsoft Edge Legacy](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-365-blog/new-microsoft-edge-to-replace-microsoft-edge-legacy-with-april-s/ba-p/2114224).

*  Microsoft Edge Legacy was only available on Windows 10.

*  Of all the User-Agent mechanisms described in this article, the only supported browser-specific mechanism for Microsoft Edge Legacy is User-Agent string.

*  The User-Agent string for Microsoft Edge Legacy includes the `Edge` token.

>     A fully formed example of a Microsoft Edge Legacy User-Agent string: `Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/70.0.3538.102 Safari/537.36 Edge/18.19582`

Reviewer 3: does the string contain "like"?
